Add cursor area awareness to CSL citations (#15728)
JabRef/jabref: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - We fixed an issue where inserting a citation inside another citation could break the original citation. [#15701](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/15701)

Reviewer: Writing good, specific changelog entries:
1. The issue existed only for CSL.
2. It sounds like inserting is still allowed, only the "breaking" is fixed (possible misinterpretation)
3. Entries should be as short and crisp as possible - my thought process was, what else can we reduce? The answer was that it is implicit that inserting a citation within another will partition the original one.
```suggestion
- We fixed an issue in the LibreOffice integration where the user could insert a CSL citation inside an existing one. [#15701](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/15701)
```
